Blackmagic Design is one of the
sponsors on my trip here to BVE 2014 in
London
and I want to give you a chance to
understand a little bit more of the
strategy
that Blackmagic Design is going through
as they've expanded their product line
I'm talking with Stewart Ashton who is
the director for EMEA which is Europe
Middle East and Asia
and Stewart is, let's just say he knows a
lot about what Blackmagic is doing
Stuart, welcome. Glad to have you with us.
Hi thank you for having me again.
Is there anything new with the show?
Nothing new.
Nothing new but what this is an
opportunity is for everybody who, in the
UK, has not seen these products
from IBC and NAB
Really to get that such and feel experience.
Being able to get close to the products. Being able to see how
they work and ask all those Blackmagic guys
really, what these products actually do.
You have to understand
that this is about, just about two
minutes before the show closes. The booth
is packed.
Earlier today there were so many people
standing in a booth with couldn't even
record the interview without being about five
booths away
so to say people are getting their hands
on is a relative. They're crowded
around the booth just to be able to see
some of the products that are here
What's been some the most popular stuff.
Well I think, I think for us we
look at the color correction, we look at
a time, we look at the cameras. Those are
three areas they are showing a lot of
interest to our customer base and for all
these users out here
The UK's a very creative space with a
lot of very interesting projects going on
at the moment and I think that when
people are starting to look at our ultra HD
workflows
it's really starting to capture their
imagination about where 4k can fit
within their day-to-day
You finally started shipping the cameras
The most recent is the 4k camera.
Why the 4k camera? What does it do?
What makes it special? Well I think that
the first thing with this camera is is
that anybody whose experienced working
with the 2.5K Blackmagic
Cinema Camera
will experience these fantastic wonderful
looking images
and also a camera that is so diverse, so
diverse but yet easily utilized
with many different third-party
accessories and interchangeable lenses
it really gives you the complete package
The 4k camera is the same form factor
the same weights
but the main differences are it's got a super
35mil sensor
It's also got a global shutter and it's
got 12 stops of dynamic range
with 60 guess the eye output. So what
you're getting here for less than two
thousand pounds or
less than $3000 is a
hell of a camera with a lot of features
a great opportunity to work
with all those beautiful lenses and see you already
own
and what codec doesn't use for recording
so you can
you go to record in progress in the
prior shd your progress Paul K
but also as well as going to be released
for a lot officially lost was cinema DNG
role as well was so anybody wants to
work on a roll file type
I'm can actually utilize like kodak has
well I was just reflecting
over the last five ten years and black
magic has been around it started with
doing capture cards
and then all of a sudden it seems to
explode in a lot of different areas
watch the strategy driving behind the
products which are coming up with why so
many in Washoe wildly different
I think this has been a fantastic
response fantastic roller coaster ride i
mean i i look at the experience so we
had within one magic over the last few
years and
and some the successes we've had this
been it's been a great great opportunity
for us to
really really help our air is the
industry where there was a demand
I think that when you start with capture
cards you you really focusing on the
area that you're
most proficient at which was the post
production area and then with
acquisitions lied when she was all
um and office acquisitions with the 8m
production switchers
and then obviously more recently was
sent I'll what does it start to open up
your imagination into all these new
areas are you keen
you can take that and existing
technology and just emphasize it'll make
it slightly better
also as well drop on this attitude that
we've got as well of
I'm answer that the entry a barrier
railey which is making sure this most
affordable for everybody
I think that one the greatest challenges
are you having any business when y'all
make why we are manufacturing products
is not
you set the price too high and that
means that
nobody ever really get the opportunity
to work with that perot's we very much
hold
in value the quality on the
accessibility and obviously that cost
and I think that's what was work very
well for Israel wanna problems that
you've got
when you start to diversify wildly issue
outside your comfort zone
Anderson chance to stop falling to the
crotch and I look at the
the shipping delays with the commerce is
a classic example there was something
new for the company and some other
cameras took a whole lot longer
design and release them were conducted
you run the risk
I'll to me too much into any different
areas in too many plates bulging at the
same time should I don't think is so
much about china balance too many plays
I think it's about making sure that the
quality level up what you produce is
always at the highest possible level
arose as a as a manufacturer what we
don't want to do is deliver parts out
since the market
with with substandard quality you know
he can be shouted out thousand times
because something's a month or two
delayed
and people can be knocking on your door
saying when you gonna deliver it well we
owe all we owe our customers and we are
so ourselves the right ensured up
we deliver what we said we were gonna
deliver and which commits delivering a
quality
and furrows you know sometimes have to
take the rough with the smooth sometimes
has been delays
but most importantly for us is that we
don't deliver a product that is not what
we said we were gonna deliver
are you doing anything new for an AB
this year I'm sure there may be some
things it maybe even trust by
nobody will know I won't tell a soul you
can just whisper in my ear what you're
gonna do
amor I think he was gonna be greater
than AB this year is that people who
follow up on my cheek along that the
last few years
know that one magic an AB is got bigger
and bigger and bigger
as a love our announcements have been
craving crazy announcements
a I think perot's every time that we
week-old
ok so April and we look an AB we get a
bit of a factor
it sends a tingle down the spine and
make sure things yourself
you know is is this ever gonna love
everything that we do I'd love to tell
you what's going to happen to say was
gonna be new
I'm not gonna let me let you ain't a
little I
for people a lot more information about
the wide range of products a black magic
has available working to go on the web
we'll all love our information about the
parties can be found at WWW dot blot
Mudgee design dot com
other website you'll see all the
information about age the parts
individually
but also the hormone there as well where
you can share and communicate with other
people
and if anybody ever wants to speak with
an evolve our team you know where I was
a trade shows
those can be contactable via phone or
email was willing to listen to that
comments that those are people have so
that we can improve in make-up artist
massa ohtake
dust
in